---
title:  "Journal Club 95"
date: 2019-01-11 12:00:00 +0800
author: shan2019
categories: jc
---

<https://indico.ihep.ac.cn//event/9242/>

First, Shan gave the talk about the "Measurement of the Absolute Branching Fraction of the Inclusive Semileptonic Λ_c^+ Decay ".  She answered the questions as below:

Amit: What is the double-tag technique? Please explain this with suitable and simple example.
Answer: Shan give a picture to show explain this technique.

Xin: Hence, the absolute branching fraction of the inclusive semi-leptonic decay can be measured without knowing the total number of Λþc Λ ̄ −c pairs produced … why is that?


Answer: Shan give the calculation.


Yuzhen: What does the double tag mean comparing to single tag? Why does it use double tag in this paper？ 

Answer: 1, get more clean signals.
        2, without knowing 
        3, Can eliminate a lot of systematic uncertainties.


 Kai: on page5.  for the PID, why the hyperthesis of muon is not considered in this paper? 


Answer: due to its small yields,the small mis-PID probability
from muon to positron and the negligible effect on
the branching fraction measurement.In addition, because
the selected pion sample contains the muon component due to their similar PID behavior in the BESIII detector,
the muon component is implicitly taken into account.


Yuhang:  What is sideband subtraction in table II？
Answer: using the sideband to estimate the background in the signal region.

Suyu: What is heavy-quark expansion?
Answer: can not explain well.

Ryuta: In table III, the semi-leptonic decay modes to extrapolate the positron momentum spectrum are listed, but the latter two are unobserved ones. Is there strong motivation to include those ? 
( I mean , we could introduce any hypothetical decays to adjust calculation, such as lepton violating modes etc. in the extreme example ) 

Answer: these three processes account for 90% of the total. The total of others is about 10%, considering the statistics of the data, this three mode is enough 


Next, Amit  gave the ST about "Introduction to Python". 

Then, Xin introduced the JC96 in brief.

At last, Xin made up for last week's report"Higgs Physics at CEPC"
